Music & Arrangements: Giga
Lyrics: Reol
Illustrations: Kei
Movie: Okiku
Translations by Dropkick Subs
Subtitles by BGrizzR
*Made slight modifications to the lyrics
Even when it’s raining, I don’t use an umbrella
The cat meows “It’s a pleasure to meet you”
My most beloved high heels get soaked
See now, how the run-of-the-mill everyday life
Is being dyed in blue as if wanting to change
That one second when it appears in the puddle
I just want to see it one time with my own eyes, that’s all
I am dancing, the whole wide world shaking up goes round and round!
We will reach it, so let’s pick up the pace!
I just wanna break away and run to tomorrow
Since you're stuck in yesterday, if another sunrise never came,
It's okay, it's all okay with me
I'll just keep moving on, always going forward
I will love you more and more...
...everyday with you!
I may fall seven times, but I will keep on moving
I keep on thinking of you, together with me today
The girl's tears fall down her cheek
The cat meows, pretending not to see
Looking down the sink, the boredom keeps piling up
All these lies woven from kindness
Or the truth, tainted with bitterness
The noise of the raindrops falling into the puddle
As your fingertips are gently tracing the edge
-Draw it out! -Play it out!
-The sparkling -Wishes
-They will come true! -We will reach them!
So let's raise the pace!
I want to run so fast that I can make it to space in just one jump
Even if I cannot go reach the stars and moon high above
It's okay, it's all okay with me
I'll just keep moving on, always going forward
More and more I love...
...these precious days with you!
As I cower here, how many times must I cry
Just to see you today!
The blue moon shines bright on me
As I awake from a long, long dream
Carry me away to tomorrow's future!
Let's pick up the pace!
I just wanna break away and run to tomorrow
Since you're stuck in yesterday, if another sunrise never came,
It's okay, It's all okay with me
I'll just keep moving on, always going forward
I will love you more and more...
...everyday with you!
I may fall seven times, but I will keep on moving
So that I may have a chance to see you today
Let's keep loving each other...
...forever and always!
(This is my first attempt at making subtitles, so please make corrections if something isn't quite right!)